Now that we can dispatch new items from our Todos component,
we also want to be able to do something similar from our goals component.
So, first, let's go ahead and adjust the UI of our goals component.
So we'll add a header here. Let's say is goals.
We then want to render an input field with a type of text,
a placeholder of add goal,
and then again this is going to be an uncontrolled component.
So, we will grab a reference to the input field,
and then we will stick it on our component instance.
So we can grab the value of it a little bit later on.
And then now what we need to do is render a button.
This button will say, "Add Goal."
And when it is clicked,
we want to run or we want to invoke the addItem method that we are about to create.
So, up here, what addItem is going to do,
is first it will call preventDefault.
Then what we need to do is grab the name of the new goal,
which we can get by doing this.input.value,
again, because of this line right here.
We then want to reset that input field to an empty string.
And then now what we want to do is we want to dispatch
the addGoalAction passing that action creator the goal.
But just as we did with Todos,
we need to get access to this store.
So we will pass that down as a prop to our goals component.
And then now inside of goals what we can do is,
we will call this.props.store.dispatch invoking the addGoalAction.
Passing is the goal that has an ID coming from generateId,
as well as the name coming from the input field.
So now if we look at this inside of our application,
we should be able to add a new Todo item,
and we also should be able to add a new goal.
And again, we see that new goal up here inside of our vanilla
JavaScript UI because these two apps are vanilla JavaScript app,
as well as our React app,
are both sharing the exact same Redux store.